README.md, before:

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# My React Portfolio

  ## Table of Content 
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Visual](#Visual)
- [Buildwith:](#Build with:)
- [Resources](#Resources)
- [License](#License)
- [Questions](#Questions)

## Description
This Portfolio App was created mainly with React.js framework.
## Installation 
The software package needed to install are [React](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v9/configuring-npm/package-json), and [Bootstrap](https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer). In the command line type `npm init -y` to install `package.json` and  `npm i inquirer` to install inquirer.js.

## Visual
####

## Build with:
* React
* JavaScript
* Bootstrap
* HTML
* CSS

## Resources
- 

## License
This project is covered by MIT.

## Questions
For questions and comments please contact the following details:
E-mail: macharitocruzuk@gmail.com
GitHub user Id: https://github.com/chari00

Commit message:

update installation in README.md file.

README.md, after:

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

# My React Portfolio

  ## Table of Content 
- [Description](#Description)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Visual](#Visual)
- [Buildwith:](#Build with:)
- [Resources](#Resources)
- [License](#License)
- [Questions](#Questions)

## Description
This Portfolio App was created mainly with React.js framework.
## Installation 

1. The software package needed to install are [React](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html), and [Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/getting-started/introduction/).
2. In the command line type `npx create-react-app my-app` to install `*React*` 
3. After react installation, open the README.md file to find the details start the program.
4. And   `npm install bootstrap` to install `*Bootstrap*`.
5. Then add `import 'bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css';` to the `index.js` file.

## Visual
####

## Build with:
* React
* JavaScript
* Bootstrap
* HTML
* CSS

## Resources
- 

## License
This project is covered by MIT.

## Questions
For questions and comments please contact the following details:
E-mail: macharitocruzuk@gmail.com
GitHub user Id: https://github.com/chari00
